### BettaBridge Frontend

Welcome to the BettaBridge is the cross-network NFT Marketplace powered by LayerZero.

## Overview

BettaBridge NFT Marketplace allows users to buy, sell, and send NFTs from different blockchains on one platform. To provide users with visibility into their activities, we have implemented a points system using GraphQL and MongoDB. These activities, including the number of points earned and the user's address, are recorded in the database. For transferring tokens between networks, the LayerZero protocol is used. Please note that sending to or from the Botanix network is currently unavailable.

### Features

- **Multi-Chain Support**: Trade NFTs from Botanix, OP Sepolia network and more.
- **GraphQL Integration**: Utilizes Apollo Client for efficient data fetching and management.
- **NFT Context Management**: Context provider for centralized NFT-related data handling.
- **Theming Support**: Offers light and dark mode theming using `next-themes`.
- **FontAwesome Icons**: Enhanced UI with scalable vector icons.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up the BettaBridge on your local machine:

### Prerequisites

- Node.js installed on your machine
- NPM (Node Package Manager) or Yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   `git clone [repository_url]`

2. Navigate to the project directory:

`cd Frontend`

3. Install dependencies:
   `npm install` or `yarn install`

### IPFS Configuration:

This project utilizes the IPFS (InterPlanetary File System) client with the ipfs-http-client library to upload images to IPFS. Additionally, we are using the Infura service, which acts as a gateway for storing and retrieving data from IPFS storage.

Configuring next.config.js
Open the next.config.js file and replace 'yoursubdomain.infura-ipfs.io' with your actual subdomain from Infura in the domains array:

## `domains: ['yoursubdomain.infura-ipfs.io'],`

Configuring NFTContext.js
Open the NFT Context.js file find the `upload To IPFS` and `create NFT` functions and replace to your subdomain from Infura `'https://yoursubdomain.infura-ipfs.io/ipfs/${added.path}'`

### Environment Variables

Disclaimer: It is not recommended to use .env files in production environments. They should only be utilized during the development stage for managing sensitive information like project IDs, secret keys, and other credentials. It's crucial to employ secure and industry-standard methods for managing environment variables in production settings to prevent unauthorized access to sensitive data.

- Create a .env file in the root of your project.
- Add the following content to the .env file:

`NEXT_PUBLIC_PROJECT_ID=your_project_id`
`NEXT_PUBLIC_SECRET_KEY=your_secret_key`

Replace your_project_id and your_secret_key with your actual project ID and secret key from Infura. These variables will be used for authentication when interacting with the Infura IPFS gateway.

### Contract configuration

After successfully deploying the contract, follow these steps to configure the contract address in the `config.json` file located in the `Context` folder. This allows the application to interact with the deployed contract on the correct network.

**Schema**
`"3636"`: {
"market": {
"address": `"0xd181EAAed2dB3Fdc2dC565b52AaA2a2974b01425"`,
"rpc": ""
}
}

**"3636"**: This is the chainId where the contract is deployed. Replace this with the actual chainId of the network where your contract is deployed or add another network. For example, if it's deployed on Botanix testnet, the chainId is `3636`.
**"address"**: This is where you replace with the actual address of your deployed contract. For example, `"0xd181EAAed2dB3Fdc2dC565b52AaA2a2974b01425"` is a placeholder; replace it with the actual address of your contract.

- Setting the ABI

To set the ABI (Application Binary Interface) after deploying the contract with Hardhat, follow these steps:

After successfully deploying your contract, locate the ABI in the artifact file generated by Hardhat.

The ABI is typically found in the artifact file of the contract you compiled. This file is located in the `./artifacts/contracts/yourContractFolder/yourContractFile.json` directory.

Open the `yourContractFile.json` file, which contains the ABI for your contract.

Copy the entire contents of the ABI from `yourContractFile.json`.

Open the `botanix.json` file in `Context` forlder.

Paste the copied ABI into the `botanix.json` file, replacing any existing ABI content.

Your `botanix.json` file should now have the correct ABI for your deployed contract, allowing your application to interact with it effectively. You can open the `botanix.json` file and see how it should be.

### Apollo Provider

Now go to start apollo server, open the `cd Backend` directory and follow the instructions in the description, after successful start open the `apollo.js` file in the `graphql` folder and enter the apollo server port. In this example, the server is running on port `4001` on the local host.

### Running the Development Server

`npm run dev`

Open `http://localhost:3000` in your browser to view the marketplace.

### Project Structure

.
├── assets/
├── components/
├── context/
├── graphql/
├── pages/
├── styles/
├── public/
├── utils/
├── next.config.js
├── package.json
└── README.md

#### Technologies Used

- React
- Next.js
- Apollo Server
- GraphQL
- MongoDB
- Tailwind CSS
